Empress mother
Gave birth to such a gentle and beautiful girl
You have a good eye, don't you?
Our family would like to say that although otherwise average
But say it gently.
He was second. No one dared to be first
Mom, how can I be as gentle as you say?
It's very gentle
I'm telling the truth.
He grew up.
Even an ant is reluctant to trample to death
Our Mingxuan was also a child.
Very well-behaved and sensible
I'm also afraid that he will be angry in the future if he marries a daughter-in-law
Married now
I'm at ease
By the way, Mingxuan
Our family says
Since childhood, my dream has been to have three babies
This is the traditional Chinese medicine bag I prepared for the two of you.
Hurry up while you are young
The doctor said
As long as you take it on time.
This child will soon have triplets
Quads are nothing
Hahaha uh
Auntie, I just got married to Jing Yan
Don't consider children for the time being.
Since you are willing to give birth, let him give birth
Your mother will take care of the child
You can also bring ten or eight children.
You want to say take care of children?
I can talk to my in-laws until dawn
Um, dad, auntie
You talk first
Master Jing and I have something to do. Let's talk first
Let's go first, you talk, you talk?
Have a good chat